[ADD] Lunch: manage accounts (#8700)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/lunch/accounts.rst

     the account when paychecks are issued. This requires :ref:`adding a salary attachment
     <payroll/worked-days-inputs>` for the user's payslip in the *Payroll* app.
   - Companies can sell "lunch tickets" at a set price (for example, one ticket costs $5.00). Users
     can purchase tickets from a *Lunch* app manager, who then updates the user's account.

.. _lunch/cash-moves:

Cash Moves
==========

To add funds to user accounts, each cash move must be individually logged. To view all cash move
records, or create a new cash move, navigate to :menuselection:`Lunch app --> Manager --> Cash
Moves`.

All cash moves are presented in a list view, displaying the :guilabel:`Date`, :guilabel:`User`,
:guilabel:`Description`, and :guilabel:`Amount` for each record. The total of all the cash moves is
displayed at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Amount` column.

.. image:: accounts/cash.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The list view of all cash moves.

Add funds
---------

To add funds to a lunch account, click the :guilabel:`New` button, located in the top-left corner of
the :guilabel:`Cash Moves` dashboard.

> A blank cash moves form loads. Enter the following information on the form:

Reviewer: "cash moves" form should probably have a GUI label.

- :guilabel:`User`: select the user depositing cash into their account from the drop-down menu. If
  the user is not in the database, they can be created by clicking either :guilabel:`Create "user"`
  or :guilabel:`Create and edit...` to create the user and edit the :guilabel:`Create User` form.
- :guilabel:`Date`: using the calendar popover, select the date the transaction occurred.
- :guilabel:`Amount`: enter the amount being added to the lunch account.
- :guilabel:`Description`: enter a brief description of the transaction.

.. image:: accounts/cash-move-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The cash move form filled out for a transaction of $40.00.

The cash move form automatically saves as data is entered, but the form can be saved manually at any
time by clicking the *save manually* option, represented by a :guilabel:`(cloud upload)` icon,

> located in the top-left corner of the page. To delete the record and return to the cash moves
> dashboard, click the :guilabel:`↺ (Discard changes)` icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
located in the top-left corner of the page. To delete the record and return to the *Cash Moves*
dashboard, click the :guilabel:`↺ (Discard changes)` icon.
```

Control Accounts
================

An overview of every transaction in the *Lunch* app, including all cash deposits and purchases, can
be viewed on the main *Control Accounts* dashboard. To access this, navigate to
:menuselection:`Lunch app --> Manager --> Control Accounts.`

> All transactions are grouped :guilabel:`By Employee`, and listed in alphabetical order by the user's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All transactions are grouped :guilabel:`By Employee`, and listed alphabetically by the user's
```
